A note about payload size (#7428)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/web-api/ecommerce.md

Right now, Zaraz is compatible with Google Analytics 3 (Universal Analytics), Google Analytics 4, Bing and Facebook Pixel.

> {{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}It is crucial to follow the guidelines set by third-party tools, such as Google Analytics 3 and Google Analytics 4, to ensure compliance with their limitations on payload size and length. For instance, if your 'Order Completed' call includes a large number of products, it may exceed the limitations of the selected tool.{{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}It is crucial you follow the guidelines set by third-party tools, such as Google Analytics 3 and Google Analytics 4, to ensure compliance with their limitations on payload size and length. For instance, if your `Order Completed` call includes a large number of products, it may exceed the limitations of the selected tool.{{</Aside>}}
```
